hi, good morning. this is Anand

totally i have 4 years of exp in it industry. i use to work on aws project. and coming to my day to day activities.

as per my project req we are working on the multiple aws service like vpc configuration, server deployment, disk process.
storage configuration  profesion like ebs, s3 efs, fsk storage handling part.
 A part from thar we are working on sns, sqs, cloud watch topics.


database like custom db server provising, and data base engine provising like mysql, aurora, Ms-sql data base

a part from that i have hands on exp in storage migration, vm miragration in the vpc network level. 

i use to work on the vpc deployment, vpc peering , tgw with the help of terraform automation deployments. as per as project req from last six month i have worked on azure also.

very good knowledge on devops tools liks git, mave, jenkins ci cd pipeline, docker, kubernate.


what is ur role in the project?

I use to work as L2 level cloud operation.


In which domain u have worked on?

 currently working as a one of the primary insurance project client like Max Life, Aliance.


day to day activities?

usally we are working on 24/7 shift. as per as my project requment.
once i login my shift i will verify all my mails. based up on my priority. then i will go to serive now ticking too. i will verify all my ticketing groups, even is there any un assingn tickets. i can own on my name i can take the ticket. i will work on it.


as per my schedule either change request r configure we are working on it. day to day verifing al the diff kind of alerts cpu utilization, memory, disk, status check, storage volume, rds , end user request we are working on it.

haveu followed client slas?

S. as per client req tight slasP 

P1 client, change request


change request?

i existing env i u want to apply any update patches modification updates related work. v r implemented the change request work flow.

whenever i create a change req i can verify lot of terms of background test plan, backup plan procedure steps, schedule time, revert plan.

usallyy we are following the two types of request, 0 time request, down time change request.

if down time request is there we can take the proper server down time. aproval at schedule time. 

downtime lo two type 1) non prod change 6-9 pm
		 2) prod change        9pm - 12pm


diff bw standared and expedited change request?

std - if we want to implement pre palnned activities in coming days we are using std 

exp - if we have any sudden change, we quicky handle issue.

what we will do when p1 raise?

p1 when ever raise evenone joins the piM call (problem insident management call).

What is TTO and TTR

TTO - time to own - and TTR - time to resolve.
p1 - 15 min - 4 hrs

p2  30 min - 8 hrs

p3	1 hr - 24 hrs

p4	4 hr - 72 hrs


























